Part 1: HTTP
Open reviewpackets.pcapng.
Filter for HTTP traffic.


Make sure Name Resolution for Resolving Network Addresses is enabled.


There should be four HTTP packets.


A. Answer the following questions on HTTP:
What does HTTP stand for? Hyper Text translation Protocol


What is the port number for HTTP? 80


What types of services does HTTP provide? HTML


Which OSI layer does HTTP exist in? 7


What website is being accessed? example.com


What is the source port being used? 58424


What is the port number range that this port is part of?
private
B. Select packet number 419, which should be the first HTTP packet. View the packet details to answer the following questions:
Under Ethernet II is a value of Destination: Technico_65:1a:36 (88:f7:c7:65:1a:36).


What does this value represent? BSS ID


Which OSI layer does this exist in? 2 data link


What networking devices use these values? routers


Part 2: ARP
Continue viewing the same PCAP.
Filter for ARP traffic.


There should be 115 ARP packets.


A. Answer the following questions on ARP:
What does ARP stand for? Address Resolution protocol


What service does ARP provide? Resolving IP Addresses/ sending messages to other machines across a network


Which OSI layer does ARP exist in? 2 and 3


What type of networking request does ARP first make?
Broadcast request


B. Use a filter to find the count of ARP responses, and answer the following questions:
What is the IP of the device that is responding?10.0.0.32


To what IP is the device responding?10.0.0.31   
Write out in simple terms what has taken place, describing the request and response.
This is either a ARP request storm/ Arp Scan where one IP is looking down the IP table for responses to a machine


Part 3: DHCP
Continue viewing the same PCAP.
Filter for DHCP traffic.


There should be four DHCP packets.


A. Answer the following questions on DHCP:
What does DHCP stand for? Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol


What service does DHCP provide? assigns IP


Which OSI layer does DHCP exist in? App layer - 7


What are the four steps of DHCP? Discovery, offer, request , ack


B. Use a filter to view the DHCP Discover, and answer the following questions on that packet:
What is the original source IP? 10.0.0.32


Why does it have that value? Previously assign as such


What is the original destination IP? 255.255.255.255


What does that value signify? The DHCP server


C. Use a filter to view the DHCP ACK, and answer the following questions on that packet.
In simple terms, what is happening in this packet?the Ip is being released and renewed


What is DHCP lease? Time that IP is loaned for


What is the DHCP lease time provided in this packet? 7 days


Part 4: TCP and UDP
Continue viewing the same PCAP.
Filter for the following IP address: 185.42.236.155.


There should be five packets.


A. Answer the following questions on TCP:
What does TCP stand for? Transmission Control Protocol.


Is TCP connection-oriented or connection-less? Connesction-Oriented.


Which OSI layer does TCP exist in? Layer 4. Transport. 


What are the steps in a TCP connection? SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK.
 


What are the steps in a TCP termination? FIN, ACK, FIN, ACK.


What steps appear in the packets displayed? SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK.


What type of activity/protocol is TCP establishing a connection for? HTTP/Webrowsing. 


What is the website name being accessed after the TCP connection? http://sportingnews.com/


B. Answer the following questions on UDP:
What does UDP stand for? User Datagram Protocol. 


Is UDP connection-oriented or connection-less? Connection-Less.


What type of services would UDP provide a benefit for?  UDP supports broadcasting to multiple recipients, making it useful for applications such as video streaming and online gaming.


Part 5: Network Devices, Topologies, and Routing
Open reviewdoc and answer the following questions:
Topologies


What are the topologies for A, B, and C? A - Tree ; B -  bus ; C - ring


What are the advantages and disadvantages for each? 
A - easy to organize, can be slow due to needing to route info, single point of failure though  
B - each computer can send info to every other computer easily, but only one computer can send information at a time due to there being only a single connection, connection is a single point of failure
C - each computer has access to all information, but connection is a single point of failure if ring has no redundancy and structure is rigid


Network Devices


In the network devices illustration, what are numbers 1–4? 1 - web ; 2 - firewall ; 3 - switch ; 4 - router


What does the dashed line represent in number 5? DMZ


What is a load balancer? It’s a traffic monitor for servers to balance load to make sure servers don’t get overloaded


Where would you place a load balancer? Right in line of traffic to servers


Network Routing


Which routing protocols use distance as a criterion?
Distance Vector Routing Protocols:
Which routing protocols use speed as a criterion?
Link-State Routing Protocols:
Using the shortest number of hops, determine the shortest path from A to O.


Using the least time, determine the shortest path from A to O.


Part 6: Network Addressing
Answer the following questions.
What is binary?
Binary is a base-2 numeral system that uses only two symbols: 0 and 1.

What are the two binary states?
The two binary states are:
1: Represents the on state or true condition.0: Represents the off state or false condition.



What are IP addresses used for?
IP addresses are used for identifying devices on a network and for routing packets of data between source and destination across the internet and other networks. They enable devices to communicate with each other.

What are the two primary versions of IP addresses?
The two primary versions of IP addresses are:
IPv4 (Internet Protocol version 4)
IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6)

How many octects are in an IPv4 address?
An IPv4 address consists of 4 octets. Each octet is 8 bits long, making a total of 32 bits.

Use a web tool to determine the IP of the following binary representation: 11000000.10101000.00100000.00101011.
192.168.32.43
.
What is the difference between primary and public IP addresses?
Private IP Addresses: These are used within private networks and are not routable on the internet.  Public IP Addresses: These are assigned to devices that need to be accessible from the internet. They are routable on the global internet.

What is CIDR?
 (Classless Inter-Domain Routing) is a method for allocating IP addresses and IP routing.

What is the range of IP addresses in 192.18.65.0/24?
192.18.65.0 to 192.18.65.255
