Mission 1: Investigate and Fix Mail Server Issues

Step 1: Identify Current Mail Servers for starwars.com
Run the following command to query the MX records for starwars.com:
nslookup -query=mx starwars.com

This will display the current mail servers responsible for handling email for starwars.com.

Step 2: Identify the Issue
If starwars.com is able to send but not receive emails, the MX records may be incorrect or missing.
Ensure that the correct mail servers are listed:
Primary: asltx.1.google.com
Secondary: asltx.2.google.com
Also, check if there are incorrect or outdated MX records pointing to the old mail servers.

Step 3: Fix the DNS Records
To update MX records, use the following structure in your DNS provider’s settings:
MX 10 asltx.1.google.com.
MX 20 asltx.2.google.com.
Ensure proper email flow by checking SPF and DMARC records as well.


Mission 2: Fix SPF Record for theforce.net

Step 1: Retrieve SPF Record
Run the following command to check the TXT records:
nslookup -query=txt theforce.net

The SPF record should allow emails to be sent from the authorized IP address (45.23.176.21).

Step 2: Identify the Issue
If theforce.net's SPF record does not include the new IP, emails will be flagged as spam.
SPF records typically look like this:
v=spf1 ip4:45.23.176.21 -all

If 45.23.176.21 is missing, it needs to be added.

Step 3: Update SPF Record
The updated SPF record should be added in the domain’s DNS settings as:
v=spf1 ip4:45.23.176.21 include:_spf.google.com -all


Mission 3: Fix CNAME Redirection for resistance.theforce.net


Step 1: Verify CNAME for www.theforce.net
Run:
nslookup -query=cname www.theforce.net
This will display how CNAME records are currently set.

Step 2: Identify the Issue
If resistance.theforce.net is not redirecting, its CNAME record may be missing.
Expected CNAME entry:
resistance.theforce.net.  CNAME  theforce.net.

Step 3: Fix CNAME Record
Add this CNAME record in the domain’s DNS settings:
CNAME  resistance.theforce.net theforce.net.


Mission 4: Add Backup Name Server for princessleia.site


Step 1: Check Existing NS Records
Run:
nslookup -query=ns princessleia.site

This will display the current name servers.

Step 2: Identify the Issue
If ns2.galaxybackup.com is missing, the domain does not have a backup DNS server.
Step 3: Add the Backup DNS Server
The updated NS records should be:
NS  ns1.princessleia.site.
NS  ns2.galaxybackup.com.


Mission 5: Find the Shortest Path Using OSPF


Step 1: Review the Galaxy Network Map
Identify the shortest path from Batuu to Jedha using OSPF.
Exclude Planet N from the route.

Step 2: Document the Shortest Path
Example path:
Batuu → Planet X → Planet Y → Jedha
Ensure no hops pass through Planet N.

Step 3: Implement Static Routing
On the Resistance routers, set up a static route:
ip route add <destination> via <next-hop>
Replace <destination> and <next-hop> with the appropriate values.


Mission 6: Decrypt Dark Side Wireless Traffic


Step 1: Crack the WPA Key Using Aircrack-ng
Run:
aircrack-ng -w /usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt -b <BSSID> darkside.pcap
Replace <BSSID> with the target wireless network’s MAC address.

If successful, the WPA key will be revealed.

Step 2: Decrypt Wireless Traffic in Wireshark
Open darkside.pcap in Wireshark.
Go to Edit > Preferences > Protocols > IEEE 802.11.
Enter the key in the format:
<Wireless_key>:<SSID>

Step 3: Identify Dark Side’s IP and MAC Addresses
Filter decrypted traffic in Wireshark:
arp or ip.addr
Document IP and MAC addresses for Resistance countermeasures.


Mission 7: Retrieve Hidden Message from TXT Record


Step 1: Query the TXT Record
Run:
nslookup -query=txt princessleia.site
Look for a hidden message.

Step 2: Follow the Instructions
If the message contains a Telnet address, connect to it:
telnet <address>
If using IPv6, modify the command:
telnet -6 <address>
Step 3: Document the Secret Message
Take notes or screenshots to report back to the Resistance.
(a telnet version of Starwars Episode IV)
